Review	Liked
"Hi! I am a business person from Bangalore and i am happy to share my experience of my stay in Hotel C Pak Inn . Past 1 year i am visiting Delhi atleast 4 days in a month for my business. I had searched for a decent hotel in karol Bagh and finally I got this C Park Inn throu my friend. Almost a year now this C park Inn became a Home for me in delhi away from my Home. After each days business meets i am so relaxed and i feels that I am at home in this hotel. The Manager Mr.Udham Singh is very kind to help the guests and i was amazed to see the way he conducts him to the foreign tourists. I must tell their Staffs Ashok,Praveen and Ravi , all are pleasing guys and will assit you without any hesitation.Staying here is a peaceful and pleasant experience for me, it is simply a luxurious at a reasonably economical price.I wish all the best and keep going C Park Inn!"	0
"Despite of several inconveniences during my stay here (no toilet paper in my room, no hot water in the evening unless you ask for it beforehand, air condition in room 206 is noisy, I had no bedsheets) I still recommend other people to stay here. I stayed here for 4 days. It is located very well in Karol Bagh and the services you get from the management/staff are good. They advise you in a very firm tone with travel advices etc - you don't feel that they are giving you that particular advice in order to make some rupees (which is something I have often felt when talking to the hotel staff in India)."	1
"I stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. The rooms were really clean. The staff was real friendly and knowledgeable, and helped arrange various tours and day trips throughout my stay. I would definitely stay here again, no question."	1
A good budget hotel.Very nice manager en staff.Are very helpfull.Shops are close and also the metro station.You can book your trips in the hotel.The manager can give you good advise.	1
"There are many hotels in Karol Bagh, Delhi, India. The C Park Inn is one of the best! The rooms are clean &amp; comfortable. The staff is very frienbdly &amp; helpful. And you can't beat the price. This is my SECOND stay here and I plan to stay here again when I return to India. I give the C Park Inn my very best recommendagtion!"	0
"This hotel is clean and comfortable, with good facilities and helpful staff. I have been travelling in India, visiting various cities, and my experience of staying here was far better than in some other places. There were no hassles, the staff were helpful and friendly, and there was no issue with me checking in early. They made my business trip no less than a pleasure!"	1
